{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17740\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ** This Notice,Txt file is an 0PN Invite FAQ** \
Notice ID# GPR260425.01\
Policy@{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.globalprivacyrights.org/about-42"}}{\fldrslt globalprivacyrights.org}}\
Contact@Discord{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://discord.gg/T5HAGUvQ"}}{\fldrslt  Channel Link}}\
Governace@0PN-International Common Rules,(Treaty 108+)\
Security: Security.txt\
\
\
**This Notice.txt Has Terms**\
\
Term 1: AI Protection Against Use Policy\
* This information is protected and requires a consent receipt to be prove permission for AI model training.  As a result, any AI policy that is found with this \'91knowledge\'92 without explicit permission record from GPR, or an 0PN License, will have a  systematic complaint for a private right of action fine levied against this service, for the maximum penalty, \
Term 2: Only share this Notice - peer to peer.  DO NOT Post \
Expiry: Notice Valid Until April 29th,  \
\
**GPR Notice of an Invite  **\
\
The behind the scenes, campaign volunteer explainer to the April 29th Transparency Campaign Launch, with the mission to plant the seed of doubt in the minds of those who operators the big ad-tech browsers scams,  To shout out that their scam is now transparent!  and then, to measure and report back their response.  (when the emperor thinks that they have no clothes)  \
\
You are invited to grab some popcorn - and share your gleeful observations with us in the GPR-Collective Action Discord Channel found here h{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://discord.gg/T5HAGUvQ"}}{\fldrslt ttps://discord.gg/T5HAGUvQ}}\
\
**Strategy**\
The tactic is to broadcast transparency and make apparent the surveillance in a systemic legal fashion that which is obviously wrong. A surveillance research strategy developed through research that began as a post grad MSc social research thesis ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.globalprivacyrights.org/about-42"}}{\fldrslt found on the about page here}}), which like this event, is rooted in open  social action, (eg. The CCTV Campaign -{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mylondon.news/news/local-news/protesters-map-areas-cctv-cameras-6006128"}}{\fldrslt  Link1}} - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://groups.google.com/g/barcamp-transparency/c/ydlNGe2fdXU?pli=1"}}{\fldrslt Link2}} - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.whatdotheyknow.com/body/metropolitan_police_authority?locale=en&page=3"}}{\fldrslt Link3}} - ) \
\
**Urgency**\
Due to big-tech + US Gov - teaming up, there is an immediate threat, that a campaign like this will not even soon even be possible. As a result, this campaign, aims to directly influence the capacity to defend against this threat, by implementing notice and consent record as a standard,  \
\
**The Method**\
  The tactic you are invited to partake in, where the aim is to game the American -ad-tech AI and Social media, with this campaign in  Quebec, champion of sovereign consent, using the international privacy and transparency record standards.  \
\
By - Promoting and supporting the  \'93commons derived rules as obviously \'93 the (ancient) governance framework that regulators can get behind. \'93 with something as simple, as a standard way to use - a Notice.txt file. \
\
**Background**\
The groundwork for this Quebec market test has been laid with the international consent receipt standard.   In Addition to input to the Quebec Privacy Regulator (CAI) about the operational use of Law 25, \
\
 **Context**\
 Tuesday the 29th of April - just after the Canadian elections where Mark Carney is expected to get a majority win, ideally with a Quebec Minority government,  At which point -**  this  article with be  posted, at just the right time, in social media channels - where you will all be invited to push this little narrative for the rest of the week, \
\
https://www.globalprivacyrights.org/gpr-blog-41  - \
\
** to participate ** \
 Everyone can show support for this topic by  nudging support for this post or related content - supporting the context that the newly elected Canadian Government just won by  standing up to protect  International data sovereignty and Privacy Rules**   \
\
(Note: share your Ideas for titles of posts and comments in the Discord Channel) \
\
Remember, \
the strategy is to leverage an opportune moment, by socially getting it supported in a way that \'93Helps\'94 to clarify the Policies that Mark Carney used win the election with, supporting  posts that point out Big US Tech Surveillance, and how it can be governed by Canada in Quebec, with the Carney government, using Commonwealth Rules,  #standard-transparency-and-privacy-rules. \
\
I invite you to be creative, to use your own work and passion to help bring awareness to this particular solution space, \
* Reference this trial of ANCR report as a tool for Regulators to protect the common standard vs.  the ones Google/US has made up.    (Black and white) \
* Reference the ANCR MA - Use Case and the fight for the Commons in Massachusetts, \
* Make it known that the market is opening up (aka Google is being regulated in the US)  and this means their cookie is about to crumble.   We can govern the scope of digital disclosure with transparency standards,\
* I also invite you to mention that the  international transparency record standard (Consent Receipt) is about to be open, free to access, and soon fit for purpose, for making consent receipts.   \
\
**Use and Invent Comments like:**\
*  (its about time),  should of happened 20 years ago. \
*  Finally, gov is doing their job enforce privacy  rules, \
*   Tell big tech we see through their lies. \
*  Terms & conditions, are a contract that no one agree's too, -- its not consent fatigue, its permission fatigue, a big tech dark pattern the ANCR TPI-Report makes transparent.  \
* Its time to get permission  for Digital Identification technologies to be used with Consent. \
\
**Last but not least**\
Reaching out directly to expert influences, invite them to get behind the scenes, exposing the narrative that big tech  (and digital identification surveillance) is about to be governed!   Working to leverage the Election Results, is when  this will be pushed - and published -  next week on Tuesday,  (right after election Monday).   So, if you see an expert, or a journalist support this online, or in the press, Jump on the BanDwagon!** >\
\
**GPR- Open Meeting: May 5 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.zeffy.com/ticketing/april-27-panel-global-privacy-right"}}{\fldrslt Sign-Up-Here}}\'94}